parents
1. I want to be able to find a babysitter when I am busy by comparing their available time, distance and price.
2. I want to be able to see the profile of a babysitter before I make the reservation.
3. I want to be able to register both as a parent and a babysitter at the same time.
4. I want to be able to have the right to rate and make complains about the service.
5. I want to be able to have someone to handle anything that is not expected, like IT problems.
6. I want to be able to post my own requirements for landing a babysitter in the future.
7. As a parent, I want to search for babysitters by location,so that I can find someone near my home.
8. As a parent, I want to enter information about my children so that babysitters who have experience with their age group and special needs can make a decision as to whether they are a good fit
9. As a parent, I want to see a map of nearby available babysitters so that I can see who is available in my area.
10. As a parent, I want to see a bio of each babysitter so that I can see what experience and credentials each babysitter has.
11. As a parent, I want to be able to send a message to babysitters so that we can see if we are a good fit.
12. As a parent, I want to be able to book a babysitter for a particular time slot so that I have confirmation that I will have care for that time.
13. As a parent, I want to leave a review of a babysitter after a booking so that other parents have more information to go on.



babysitters
1.I want to be able to register as a babysitter with a certificate and other essencial information, such as name, age, available time, service area and contact.
2.I want to be able to display a self-introduction card showing my advantages for long time.
3.I want to input my photo, credentials, and references so parents can feel confident about choosing me as their carer.
4.I want to see information about the families so that I can care for children who have ages and needs that I am capabale of handling.
5.I want to see families in my area that need care so that I don't have to travel a long way to take care of the kids.
6.I want to be able to message with parents to make sure we are on the same page about care.
7.I want to be able to confirm dates/times of babysitting jobs so that it is clear when I am supposed to show up for work.
8.I want parents to review me so that I can build up my profile to get more babysitting jobs
9.I want to receive notifications for new booking requests, so that I can respond in time.
10.I want to set my freetime, so that I can plan my time.


IT support staff
1. As an IT admin, I want to see a list of all parents and babysitters who have signed up for the service



Administrators for reviewing
1.As an admin, I want to verify babysitter profiles, so that only qualified care are shown on the platform.


Complains handle staff